- Previously on "The Rookie."
- I read my sister's case
file. My mom lied to me.
- I'm here because
I have to do this.
Because what happened
to me was so awful
I need to make sure it
doesn't happen to anyone else.
- Celina's mom had
been in a car accident.
Her doctors prescribed opioids.
- On the day that your
sister was abducted.
your mother was buying drugs.
- All these years. I
mean. do you have any idea
how much I've blamed myself?
- Hey. you were just a
kid. It wasn't your fault.
- I know.
It was hers.
- Oh. don't you look cozy!
- It's my day off and
I intend to relax.
- You're going to relax?
- Oh. yeah.
- Okay. let me translate
that into Bailey.
That means you're going to
teach four capoeira classes.
do a 10-mile hike.
run for mayor?
Excuse me. governor.
- No. I'm doing
absolutely nothing.
- Okay.
- I'm serious.
I'm gonna read trashy magazines
and stream '90s
sitcoms and do nothing.
- I give the whole
thing 20 minutes.
- I can do anything
I set my mind to.
even nothing.
- You go. girl.
It's supposed to be
beautiful this weekend.
I was going to power wash
the outdoor furniture.
- Oh. I can do that.
Oh. you're baiting
me. Nice try.
I'm doing nothing today.
- Sure you are.
Listen. if you change your
mind about the governorship.
I'd be honored to be
your first gentleman.
Governor Nune.
- ♪ Whoa. oh. oh.
oh. oh. oh. oh. oh ♪
- I kinda like it.
- ♪ I'm gonna win for you ♪
♪ Like I know you
want me to do ♪
- Hey.
- When did you get in?
- Uh. depends. What day is it?
- That bad. huh?
- Look. I'm... I'm 80%
sure it's... it's Thursday.
- It's Tuesday. Yeah.
What were you guys
working on last night?
- Uh. murder suspect.
We were there all night.
- I stayed up anyways.
Thought maybe I'd get lucky
and he'd turn himself in.
- Not quite. Um. he
did show up. though.
- Hmm?
- Yeah.
- Oh. babe.
- Took on five metro officers?
You gotta love that confidence.
- Yeah.
What's all this?
- What?
I'm studying for the
detective's exam.
- Since when?
- I didn't tell you?
- I... no. I don't think so.
- If I'm gonna work undercover.
the best move is to become a
detective in some division.
like intelligence
or narcotics. right?
- Right. So you got the tap.
- Harper and Lopez
are backing me.
All I have to do is score
in the top 12. which...
- Which you will.
- Mm.
- Well. I guess we
should get used to
not seeing each other so much.
- Mm. right.
Yeah. between detective's
hours and metro hours...
- Hm. It's okay.
We'll figure it out.
- Yeah. yeah.
- Hey. I'm sorry I haven't
been around as much lately.
I've been busy.
I actually started
working on your case.
Well. I... I haven't
made much progress.
unless destroying my
relationship with Mom counts.
Look. I know you'd want me
to forgive her. but I...
I... I don't... I
don't think I'm ready.
Well. I gotta get to work.
- Where's Celina?
- Oh. she's visiting
her sister's grave.
Today's the anniversary
of the day she was taken.
- I know. That's what I
have to talk to her about.
I found two similar kidnappings;
one four years after Blanca
and another seven
years after that.
In every case. the
victim was six years old.
taken while playing outside.
and the parent has a
history of substance abuse.
- That sounds like
a serial killer.
But why target the
children of drug addicts?
- I don't know.
And every case happened
on the same day.
- Today?
I'll handle it.
Thank you very much.
- Is that the sign-up list
for the detective's exam?
- It is. Two weeks to go.
- I'll be ready.
- I have no doubt.
- Brave move. Chen.
- I don't know about that.
I think it's the
next step for me.
- Sure. but you'll
never make top 12.
- What is that supposed to mean?
- One of the detectives
has it out for you.
So no matter how well
you do on the written.
they're gonna sink
you on the oral.
- What? Who?
- I don't know.
Good luck.
- Is he right?
- Rarely.
But I will ask around. see
if there's any truth to it.
- Thanks.
- He abducted more kids?
- Two. that we know of.
And on the same
day as your sister.
- That's today.
Okay. that's creepy.
So there could be
another one today.
- Or not.
- Right.
You know. I... I visited
her grave this morning.
and she wasn't there.
I know you think that's crazy.
- That aside. why do you
think she wasn't there?
- I don't know.
But lately she's felt
so. like. far away.
And I don't know what's changed.
- 7-Adam-15. we
have a possible 207
at 9215 Detroit Street.
- It's a kidnapping.
- Possible kidnapping.
7-Adam-15. show us responding.
I can take the lead on this.
- No. I'm good.
You know. when Blanca was taken.
there were dozens of cops.
And most of them
were terrifying.
but there was one
that made me feel like
everything was going to be Okay.
I want to be that
person for someone else.
- Maybe it's Carradine.
I called him out for stealing
my lunches from the fridge.
- Okay. and you think
he's that petty?
Maybe. I...
Who do you think it is?
- I think.
and stay with me on this one...
- Mm-hmm?
- Maybe you shouldn't believe
everything Smitty says
or anything Smitty says.
- Yeah. but what if he is right?
The oral part of the
exam is so subjective.
If even one person on the
panel has it out for me.
it'll tank my score.
- Yeah. I never expected
a police station
to be so much like high school.
- I know.
Except. I mean. now I'm
one of the cool kids.
- It's him. It's the same guy.
- I don't... we don't know that.
Most of the time they're
playing somewhere.
We find them in minutes.
- No. that's not what this is.
I can feel it.
- Did you find her?
- No. ma'am.
- We have to find her!
She's six. She's scared.
- We know. That's
why we're here.
We just need a few details.
- What details?
My daughter is missing.
I said that on the phone!
- Okay. maybe you
can let us inside.
and we can help you look.
- She's not inside.
I looked. She was
playing outside.
I... I heard a scream.
and she was gone.
- You heard her scream?
- Yes.
- 7-Adam-15.
I need additional
units on my location.
Notify search and rescue.
- What's he doing? Is
he calling someone?
- He's calling everyone.
In ten minutes.
there will be dozens
of police officers
and volunteers
looking for your daughter.
- Olivia.
Her name's Olivia.
- That's a really pretty name.
How about I help you
find a photo of her?
- Yeah.
- We'll do two more of those.
at least by the next...
- Nolan.
- Here we are.
- Any updates?
- We turned the
house upside down.
checked the adjacent yards.
We're widening the search.
- Security cameras?
- We got what we can.
A lot of people aren't home.
- It's him. isn't it?
- We don't know that.
- Look. we see the parallels.
but you cannot leap
to conclusions.
- I mean. it's the anniversary.
She's six years old.
taken from her front yard.
What was that?
- I checked.
Olivia's mother has a
history of drug abuse.
- Just like my mom. I mean.
just like the other victims.
- Well done. Just double back
to check if anybody wasn't home.
- We'll interview
friends and family.
- Okay.
- Oversee the canvass teams
and widen the perimeter.
- Hey. How can we help?
- We need to comb
through the other cases.
find any connections
we can between them.
- Any of the girls
that were taken.
did any of them survive?
- No. all the girls
were found dead
less than a month
after they disappeared.
except Blanca. who
was found near death.
- What was different about her?
- Best guess. she was the first.
He didn't know
what he was doing.
- Well. he does now.
He won't make that
mistake again.
You know your
jobs. Get it done.
- Celina.
- Yeah.
- Hey. look. I just
wanted to say that
I remember what it was like
to not know what happened
to someone you love. I mean.
there were a bunch of times
I thought we had a lead and
nothing ever panned out.
- So don't get my hopes up.
- Yeah. I guess that's
what I'm trying to say.
- Yeah. no. Thank you. I
gotta stay objective. Yeah.
- Anything south
of Hobart Street.
you take it all the way down...
Hang on a sec. You got that?
Bailey.
- I know what I
said this morning.
but I heard you needed more
bodies for the door to door.
So here I am.
- I wasn't gonna say anything.
- I'm just going to check
in with the civilian team.
- Hey. what's on your hands?
- Uh... wood stain.
- Okay. so you went to power
wash the outdoor furniture...
- It just looked so
bad after all the rains
that I had to sand
it and refinish it.
- I tried to do nothing.
- Yeah. I know.
It's important you tried.
- Yeah.
- You're doing great.
- Okay.
- Yeah. I'll call you
back. All right. bye.
Detective Dave Delgado.
Sergeant Wade Grey.
- Man. thanks for coming down.
Have a seat.
- Yeah. man.
I heard you had a lead
on the Juarez case.
I ran three red lights
getting over here.
- Well. I hope we
didn't waste your time.
- Eh. if I wasn't here.
I'd be watching "Bosch"
in my underwear.
Never retire.
- Look. we know everything
in the case file.
What we need is what's
not in the file.
- Well. there was this one guy.
Drew Heslov.
Lived in the area.
didn't have an alibi.
And he's a Megan's
Law 290 sex offender.
- Not much to build
a case around.
- Exactly.
But I interviewed
him. Real creep.
Felt like he was
enjoying the whole thing.
- All right. we'll
check him out.
- I hear the. uh...
The sister's a rookie here.
- She is.
She'll make a good
detective one day.
She has great instincts.
- Yeah. well. she came
by them the hard way.
Something like that
happens when you're a kid.
changes the way
you see the world.
- Yeah.
Celina. vamos!
Celina!
- Celina.
Officer Chambers! Hey!
I thought I might see you at
the cemetery this morning.
- Well. I... I must
have missed you.
- You know. I saw the
picture of your graduation.
But it's a whole
other thing in person.
I'm so proud of you.
- Thank you.
There's someone I
want you to meet.
This is my TO. John Nolan.
This is Officer Joel Chambers.
- Pleasure.
- Nice to meet you.
- Yeah. Joel's one of the cops
who helped look for Blanca.
- Joel Chambers.
Thank you. sir.
I don't remember seeing
your name on the report.
- Yeah. we've been going
over the case file.
- I... I didn't.
uh. write a Form 3.
In a case like this.
everyone just pitches in.
- Right.
- Now. when we found her.
when she was in the hospital.
Joel visited every day.
- I have something.
It's a shoe print.
- Excuse me.
Can I offer a hand?
- Oh. sorry.
I can't let anyone inside
without detective approval.
- I... I promise I
know better than to
contaminate a crime
scene.
- Rules are rules.
- Of course.
She's a good kid.
- Smitty. what's up?
- I don't want you to worry
about the detective's exam.
I'm on it.
- Wait. what?
- Leave it to Smitty.
- No. Smitty.
Please don't...
God.
He hung up.
- So you won't be
making detective.
But. um. there's other
career paths. right?
- This the guy that
Delgado mentioned?
- Yeah. Drew Heslov.
Back in the aughts
he did five years for
lewd acts with a minor.
He's been on
probation ever since.
- We are less than a
mile from Olivia's house.
- Officers.
- Can we come in?
- We both know I can't stop you.
- Mm-hmm.
Where were you between 10:00
and 11:00 this morning?
- Why? What happened?
- Sir. just answer the question.
I was here.
- Alone?
- Yeah.
- Move aside.
That's a gift.
- Really? For who?
- One of my nieces.
- You don't have any nieces.
- I like dolls.
That's not a crime.
- Per the terms
of your probation.
you're not allowed to
own children's toys.
- This is harassment!
I think you two should leave.
- Sit down.
Now.
Do not move. do
not touch anything.
or you will be in violation
of your probation.
- 7-Adam-7.
We need additional units
to 7858 West Cedar.
- Detectives.
You have a minute?
- What's up?
- Earlier today. an
officer dropped by.
He worked Blanca's
case back in the day.
According to Celina.
he visited constantly.
- A little overinvolved?
- Maybe.
And today. he
tried to get inside
the crime scene's
inner perimeter.
- Maybe these kinds of
cases hit home for him
and he wants to help.
- Or maybe he wanted
an excuse for his DNA
to be at the scene.
I looked into him.
He had a daughter.
lost custody of her when
she was six years old.
- The same age as
the missing girls.
- And today was his
daughter's birthday.
- Look. I know it's not
a slam dunk. but I think
it deserves a closer
look. Nolan is right.
There's something off
about Officer Chambers.
- How do you want to proceed?
- Joel's been on
duty all morning.
We want to check his shop's GPS.
see if he went anywhere
near her house.
- He has a history
with Olivia's family.
I can bring him in
under the guise of
needing background intel.
- Good.
The minute he realizes
he's a suspect.
he'll ask for his
reps and shut down.
- Lucy and Aaron
have a new suspect.
I'll check in with
them and report back.
- All right. Keep me posted.
- Do you see that?
Harper and Lopez are making
secret calls in their car.
- They'll update us when
they get something concrete.
- You know what's going on.
If you're keeping
something from me
because you think I'm
too close to the case.
please don't.
- How well do you know Joel?
- Yeah. we've kept
in touch. Why?
- Does he ever talk
about his daughter.
the one he lost custody
of when she was six?
- No.
Wait. You... you don't...
You don't think he did this?
- Did you know today
is her birthday?
- So you think... what.
he just takes these
girls to replace her?
- Maybe. It's a theory.
- No. it's a coincidence.
Maybe that's why
he gets involved.
because it reminds him of her.
- Okay. I know this is
hard for you to hear...
- Hard to hear?
He's the reason I'm a
cop... Because of him.
Listen. you're wrong.
and he didn't do this.
- Find anything?
- No sign of Olivia.
- He could have built
all sorts of hidden areas
over the years. We
need dogs and infrared.
- Already requested.
- Mr. Heslov. I'm
Detective Lopez.
Does the name Olivia Vargas
mean anything to you?
- That's what all this is about?
You think I did
something to her?
- Answer the question.
Have you ever met Olivia Vargas?
- Ah. it's hard to say. A
picture might jog my memory.
- Yes or no.
- Come on. Give
me a few details.
- We are going to turn
this house inside out.
If we so much as find a hair
that doesn't belong here.
you're going to prison.
Do you need details on that.
or do you remember
what it's like
to be a pedophile behind bars?
- These cases are the worst.
just every parent's nightmare.
You have kids?
- Yeah. a daughter.
Losing her would destroy me.
So if you need any
help. I'm here.
- He's wearing different shoes.
- Are you sure?
- I am.
His other ones had a
zipper on the side.
so they don't have to be tied.
- Yeah. he saw that we found
a shoe print at the scene.
Probably threw the old
ones in the LA river.
- I mean. or his old
ones were uncomfortable.
or Nolan's wrong.
- Celina. I'm aware
of the history.
But if you can't examine
the facts objectively...
- Sorry. I'm... I'm good.
- Joel was called
to Olivia's house
several times before
the abduction.
He was also called to
the second and third
victims' homes.
We gotta know if Blanca
fits the same pattern.
Bring Carla in.
Let's see what she remembers.
- There's no record of an arrest
or any sort of calls
made to our house.
- And only your
mom knows for sure.
- We'll find out.
- According to the logs.
Joel was at a premise
check at a warehouse
at the time of the abduction.
GPS on the shop says that
he was there 30 minutes.
- How far is the warehouse
from Olivia's house?
- Far enough he
would have to drive.
- Or maybe he had a
car stashed there.
Look. I can go to the location.
drive the route from
Olivia's and back.
see if it even works.
- Keep me updated.
- Yeah.
- So according to the file.
you answered a 415
at Olivia's house.
- That's right. It
was about a month ago.
The neighbor called it in.
Olivia's mom was kicking out
her most recent
deadbeat boyfriend.
- Yeah. we are actually
looking into him.
And did you see Olivia?
- Yeah. she was
hiding in a corner.
Pretty badly shaken.
She begged me not to
take her mom away.
- And you didn't?
- No signs of abuse.
There wasn't much I
could do but refer them
to Child Protective Services.
You ask me.
we're far too
lenient with parents.
- You'll get no
argument from me there.
- CPS is overwhelmed.
Even when there's abuse.
the parents get them
back half the time.
- It is maddening.
I mean. so many deserving
parents out there
just struggling through
the adoption process.
- Exactly.
- You also participated in the
search for Celina's sister?
Is that right?
- It is.
Why? You don't think the
two cases are related?
- Oh. it's just an
avenue we're exploring.
Oh.
I really need to get
home. My birds are...
- I know. okay. but
this is important.
- We'll get you home
just as soon as we can.
We just need to know
if you remember meeting
an Officer Joel Chambers.
- Of course.
He was very helpful.
He... he still checks
in on me years later.
- And when did you
first meet him?
It was such a long time ago.
- Mami. I need you to
tell me everything.
no matter how upsetting.
- There were so many
police officers around.
- Okay. so you met him
after Blanca was taken?
- I guess so.
- Mami!
- Celina.
- Look... I get it.
I... I used to think you
wouldn't leave the house
because you didn't have answers.
because everyone you
crossed on the street
could be her killer.
but I understand now.
You left once and
the world ended.
so you never left again.
Guilt is what's kept
you locked away.
And the only way out
is to tell the truth.
- Okay.
About a month before
Blanca got taken...
Officer Chambers found
me passed out in my car.
I was high.
I had drugs on me.
I begged him not to arrest me.
I told him I had to get
home to you and your sister.
And he drove me home.
- Did he talk to your
daughters at all?
He waited in his car.
And I went and
brought them outside.
He watched us play. and...
And then he drove away.
- I'll let Harper know.
- Wait.
You don't think he took her?
- We're not sure yet.
- I was so grateful
he didn't arrest me.
I never thought...
Is that the reason
he took Blanca?
Because of me?
- Uh. just one more thing.
We talked to
Celina's mom. Carla.
She says you picked her
up before the kidnapping?
You could have arrested
her and you didn't.
- Really?
- Yeah.
You said you didn't
meet them until
after Celina's
sister went missing.
- Oh.
Uh. I guess I forgot.
- Ah.
- You meet so many people
in our line of work.
You remember everyone
that you picked up
when you were on patrol?
- Oh. God. not a chance.
I have two kids. so I can
barely remember breakfast.
Uh. give me a minute. will you?
- Of course.
Hey. am I free to go?
- It'll just be a second.
- Detective Lopez.
Found something.
- What is it?
- According to Tim.
Joel had plenty of time
to drive from the premise
shack to Olivia's house.
- Just because he could
have doesn't mean he did.
- I saw his face when I
caught him in the lie.
He was terrified.
- Well. do you think
you could get more
if you keep questioning him?
- No. He asked if
he was free to go.
- He knows he's a suspect.
He's forcing you
to show your hand.
Angela. you're on speakerphone
with Wesley and Nyla.
- We found something
at Drew's house.
It's Olivia's teddy bear.
Drew's our guy. He took her.
Celina.
- Celina.
- Yes.
- Lopez wants him
in interview three.
- Yes. right.
So this means Joel's
innocent. right?
- We don't know
anything for sure.
- Hey. you sure it's
Olivia's teddy bear?
- Lab's working on
a DNA match now.
and Olivia's mom
IDed it as hers.
- So where does that leave
us in the Joel theory?
- I still like Joel.
He has been overly
involved in both cases.
and he lied to us
about his prior contact
with Celina's mother.
- Yeah. but any good
defense attorney will argue
that his only crime
is caring too much.
- Both abductions happened
on his daughter's birthday.
Coincidence?
- Well. that's why
he got so involved.
He saw his daughter
in these two girls.
It's shaky. but you only need
one jury member to buy that.
- The teddy bear.
on the other hand.
Drew's lawyer will have a hell
of a time explaining that away.
- You found it in his backyard.
Anyone could've gained access.
Look. if you are Joel.
you know that they
found a boot print.
The first thing you do is
throw those boots away.
The second thing you do is
throw suspicion on someone else.
- He knew Drew was a
suspect back in the day.
the perfect patsy.
I can sell that.
- Okay. we're a long
way from a jury.
There's a missing
girl out there.
She's the priority.
Can you press Joel.
get a confession?
- No. he knows I'm onto him.
We could arrest.
- But that starts a clock.
We have 72 hours
to bring charges.
- And we're not ready for that.
- Then we let him go.
Keep working Drew.
- On it.
- So I wanted you to
be the first to know.
we got him.
- Really?
- I don't know if you remember
the guy from Blanca's
case. Drew Heslov?
- Yeah. he had a
prior conviction.
- Yep. that's the guy.
They found Olivia's
teddy bear in his yard.
- Did you bring him in?
- Yeah. he's in
processing right now.
- Huh.
- So thank you...
- Oh.
- For all of your help.
- Of course. of course.
Listen. it's time
for me to clock out.
but if you need anything
else. you got my cell.
- Yeah.
- Okay.
- We need a surveillance team.
- That's six cops now out
there looking for Olivia.
- I told him that we
found Olivia's teddy bear.
but he did not ask about Olivia.
He doesn't need to. He
knows exactly where she is.
I am telling you. it is Joel.
We can't let him
out of our sight.
- Let's alert metro.
- Walking to his
personal vehicle.
silver pickup truck.
California plates. two. George.
Adam. Tom. one. two. three.
- North Compass Point has
him. westbound Whilshire.
Number two lane.
approaching a stale green.
- Two for cover.
Wheatley. Bradford.
- Go for Wheatley.
- Confirm we have all
six units on this.
four compass points. two rovers.
- Affirm. boss.
- Good.
Everyone keep radios
low. cover coats on.
and be ready for crazy Ivans.
He may do a counter. We
cannot let him get away.
- Can you ID this item?
- Aw. it's a teddy bear.
Was it hers. that Olivia
kid you were asking about?
- Yes.
- Oh. she must be young.
Eight years old?
Younger?
- Have you ever seen
this item before?
- No.
- Then how do you explain its
presence in your backyard?
- What?
- How did Olivia's favorite
toy come into your possession?
It didn't.
I don't know.
You're lying.
- I'm not lying.
We found it in your backyard.
- No!
Look. I know what I am.
I know what I've done.
But I swear. I've never
laid eyes on that kid.
- Bradford. this is Wheatley.
Target has landed in the parking
of a home improvement store.
I'm pulling into the other
entrance to the parking lot.
- All right. Bradford
copies. All units compass up.
Standby for roll call in three.
- Target is making contact
with another subject.
Male. white. blue
jacket. black pants.
Target is handing the
subject his gym bag.
Subject number two is walking
away with the gym bag.
- All units. stay with primary.
- Confirm. you don't
want anyone going with
that secondary?
- No. no. He knows he's
under surveillance.
He's trying to split the team.
- Secondary is approaching
a black Charger.
He'll be away in five.
four. three. two...
- Miller. Jones. Clark.
go with secondary.
Wheatley. Smith. and I
will stay with primary.
And get me six
additional units ASAP.
- Copy that. Secondary units.
work off encrypted channel 18.
- Bradford on point.
Primary's approaching
a motorcyclist.
They're talking.
Primary is taking
the motorcycle.
- I have eyes on primary.
- Wheatley. Bradford.
what's the ETA on
those additional units?
- ETA nine minutes.
- Copy that. We
have a fresh green.
Looks like he's
picking up speed.
- He knows we're here.
I just hit the lights.
- Control. can I get
an airship assist?
Metro. Pico and Washington.
- Copy. Air 5 is
closest. She's en route.
ETA 3 minutes.
- Speeds approaching 100.
- Sarge. I can stay with him.
- He's now 120. getting
on the 405 North.
- On the shoulder.
- Negative. shut it down.
- Sarge. he took a kid!
- Speed's 130.
- Negative. shut it down.
It's not worth plowing
into some innocent family.
- Copy that. Shutting down.
- Primary is gone.
- Damn it.
- You let him get away?
- Celina.
- Excuse me?
- Joel has her.
I mean. he's probably on his
way to kill her right now.
- We're all aware of the
situation. Officer Juarez.
- Okay. then why weren't
there more units?
I mean. how could this happen?
- My apologies. sergeants.
Officer Juarez. Joel is a cop.
He knew our techniques. and
he used them against us.
There's nothing metro
could have done.
He is gone.
The only question now is where?
- Where could he be?
- Better.
- Listen up.
Our suspect is a cop.
He's been meticulous and
smart every step of the way.
We need to be smarter.
No one pulls something
like this off
without leaving
a trail. Find it.
Let's go.
- Uh. sorry. I just
needed a minute.
- Oh. of course.
- You know. I never
knew my father.
When I was little. I
used to wish Joel...
What do I tell Olivia's mom?
I mean. she's so scared.
She's counting on
us to find her.
- And we will.
- But what if we're too late?
What if we have to tell
her that Olivia's gone.
and it's our fault that we...
- Okay.
Maybe you need to
take a little break.
- I can't. I can't do anything
else until we find her.
- Sarge?
- Looks like they've
got something.
- We've been combing
through Joel's unit history.
every name. address.
license plate he logged
while on duty over
the last three months.
- Yeah. six weeks ago. he
cleared a pair of squatters
out of a foreclosed home.
- It's a low income
area. mostly industrial.
But you could easily
get in and out
without anyone noticing.
- That's a slim lead.
- Yeah. except it's less than a
mile away from Olivia's house.
and he cleared it three days
after he first met the family.
- He was getting
everything in place.
- Okay. well. then that's
it. Olivia's there.
- All inbound units.
metro unit on scene.
Vehicle registered to our
suspect is parked out front.
No sign of our 207 victim.
- Second team is 9-7.
We're in the alley
behind target on Sheldon.
- All right. we
need eyes inside.
Let's get a ball cam ready.
- What's the play?
- We need to get a
better look inside.
see how much
firepower's in there.
- Ball cam's live.
- Okay. I can see
him. He can see us.
- What about Olivia?
- No sign of her.
- So we breach. right? I
mean. we have to find her.
- If she's alive. that's
a sure way to change that.
We need to get him talking.
Her best chance is
if we can end this
without firing a shot.
- You give me some cover.
I'll get a phone to Joel.
- Phone drop.
Get ready to approach.
- Joel. we're just
gonna throw a phone
on the other side of
the door. all right?
All we want to do is talk.
settle this before
anyone gets hurt.
- I confirm suspect
has a 9 millimeter
in his right hand. No
other weapons are visible.
- Wait. what was
that? Turn it around.
- She's out cold.
Probably drugged.
- What was that?
- He shot the camera.
This is Sergeant Bradford.
- Did you think
I wouldn't notice
your little eye rolling around?
- You know I had to take a look.
assess the situation.
Who's that?
- Is that Olivia?
- No more cameras and
get your guys back.
- I can do that for you
but I need you to
do something for me.
I need to make
sure Olivia's okay.
- She's fine. I'm
protecting her.
- Okay. that's great.
But it would help
if we could see her.
- No. not a chance.
I show my face. you're
gonna blow it off.
- He thinks he's protecting her.
That's gotta be a
good thing. right?
- He thought he was
protecting Blanca too.
- He's probably
justifying the murders.
death being better than
the life they were living.
- Yeah. but if he's
not willing to talk.
then we need to go in.
- I am done talking.
- It's me. It's Celina.
Joel?
- Yeah.
- I'm outside.
- Listen. I... I know
that you don't understand.
Her parents didn't deserve her.
- I know.
You did it to keep her
safe. just like the others.
just like... like Blanca.
I think they remind
you of your daughter.
- I just want to
be a father again.
Why don't they understand?
They just keep crying and
begging to go back home.
I gave them a better
life than they ever had.
and they want to go back
to some loser drug addict?
- Tell him what
he wants to hear.
- You're right.
They needed you.
They... they needed a father.
someone to... to
guide them. to...
To keep them safe.
But Olivia's not safe
right now. is she?
Not with all these guns outside.
We need to get her
out of that house.
- We're not leaving.
I don't trust anyone out there.
- Okay. well. then
what about me?
How about I... I
come get Olivia?
Joel. it's over.
You need to know that.
End it by doing what
you wanted to do.
End it by protecting her.
- Do you think he's
gonna let her go?
- I don't know.
- All right. we're in position.
As soon as she's
clear. we breach.
Celina!
- Celina. hey!
- We're good.
- Look alive. Move. move.
It's all clear.
Breach.
- Go. go. go.
- Clear.
- Clear in here.
- Good.
- There. Are you
okay? Are you hurt?
- Clear.
- Clear!
- Drop the gun.
Drop the gun!
Drop it!
Suspect down. Send an RA.
- Hey. Harper.
Um...
Tim is still in with IA.
- Look. the officer
involved shooting interview
is very thorough.
Tim's fine.
- Right.
- Hey. Chen.
I've got news for you.
- It's not a great time. Smitty.
- It's about the detective exam.
The detective
blocking you is Prim.
He heard about your little
scheme to help Bradford
and was less than impressed.
- Oh. the five player trade.
- Turns out treating
people like puppets
wasn't the best way
to make friends.
- Thank you. Smitty.
- I did warn you.
- I know.
- Hey.
Let him talk to Grey first.
- Hey. come in.
All done with IA?
Uh. yeah.
- I'm sure you'll be cleared
to return to work in no time.
- I hope so.
- Hey.
You know you had
to take the shot.
- I know.
- Just 'cause he wanted to die
doesn't mean he
wasn't dangerous.
- I know.
Is there anything I can do?
- Can I get back to you on that?
- Take your time.
- You know. it's her first
time visiting Blanca's grave.
I honestly never thought
she'd make it here.
- How was she on the drive over?
- Shaky. She didn't say a word.
She's still not here...
Blanca.
And I think I know why.
She moved on.
She knows I don't
need her anymore.
- You want to go join your mom?
- I brought him into our lives.
- No. he preyed on your illness.
You can't blame yourself.
But I do.
And I blame myself for
all the days and weeks
leading up to it.
I was barely there.
Short-tempered.
sleeping all the time.
They were the last
days of her life.
and I wasted them.
- You were addicted.
It's not your fault.
Mama. I know you can't
forgive yourself. but...
I want you to know
that I forgive you.
Oh. baby.
I forgive you.
- I'm sorry.
- Jack is asleep.
And according to my watch. I
paced up and down our hallway
for a total of 12 miles.
- I thought that was impressive.
What's this?
- A mommy blogger posted
top 10 ways to prevent
your kid from getting taken.
- You know the vast majority of
missing kids are taken by a...
- A non-custodial parent.
I know.
- This was a hard case.
- ♪ Set my soul on fire ♪
♪ Take me to the light ♪
- Celina's mom...
I don't know how
you survive that.
- ♪ Set my soul on fire ♪
♪ Take us to the light ♪
- If you're worried
about Jack's safety.
we could always have
Charlie come back.
- Charlie?
Oh. the smoking hot
ex-SAS bodyguard?
- I'm not saying I want that.
Just thinking about
your peace of mind.
Hmm. how selfless.
You are a bad ass.
And I'm no slouch.
Jack and the new baby
are gonna be safe.
Okay?
♪ You wouldn't
recognize me now ♪
- Yeah.
- I'll get him.
♪ Till it's full of hope.
set my soul on fire ♪
- "AirTag your kids"?
No.
Mm... no.
- How are you doing
with everything?
- I'll be okay.
- You know. maybe
you should try...
- Exercise before going to bed?
Yeah. I know.
It's not the first time I...
- No. I... I know it isn't.
I know that. I just...
I... I want to be helpful.
- I know.
Thank you.
You need help studying?
There's no way I
would have scored
as well on the sergeant's
exam without you.
- That's true.
You owe me.
- I don't owe you.
- You owe me.
- ♪ Set my soul on fire ♪
- Okay.
- We saved a kid.
solved a cold case.
and helped our
friend find closure.
- And there's still
technically three hours left
on my day off.
- Oh. there are?
- I can finally rest.
- Oh. I'm sorry I can't let
you get any rest tonight.
I have plans for you.
- Oh. really?
- Yeah. yeah.
So settle in for a
nice. long night of...
catching up on "The Bachelor."
Oh. there's gonna
be limo arrivals
and rose ceremonies.
Sadly. lots of crying.
For every dream realized.
a hope will be dashed.
Honey?
Baby?
- If you don't want me to watch
ahead without you. just say so.
I love you too.
- Damn it.